Update sending-emails.adoc (#3933)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/sending-emails.adoc

== Sending HTML emails with inlined attachments

When sending HTML email, you can add inlined attachments.

> <<<<<<< HEAD

Reviewer: hmm seems like a merge conflict was not resolved correctly. Can we fix this?

== Sending HTML emails with inlined attachments

When sending HTML email, you can add inlined attachments.

> For example, you can send an image with your email, and this image will be displayed in the mail content. If you put the image file into resources folder, you should specify the full path to the file: "META-INF/resources/quarkus-logo.png" otherwise quarkus will lookup in the root folder of the proyect.

Reviewer: there is a typo s/proyect/project

> For example, you can send an image with your email, and this image will be displayed in the mail content. If you put the image file into resources folder, you should specify the full path to the file: "META-INF/resources/quarkus-logo.png" otherwise quarkus will lookup in the root folder of the proyect.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, you can send an image with your email, and this image will be displayed in the mail content. If you put the image file into resources folder, you should specify the full path to the file: eg. `META-INF/resources/quarkus-logo.png` otherwise quarkus will lookup in the root folder of the project.
```
